[Style guide] Grammar and Formatting (#9263)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/style-guide/grammar-and-formatting/parts-of-speech/prepositions.md

---
pcx_content_type: Concept
title: Prepositions
---

## Prepositions

> You can put a preposition at the end of a sentence, but don't do it a lot. Your sentences can sound stilted if you try to avoid putting the preposition at the end.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can put a preposition at the end of a sentence, but do not do it often. Your sentences can sound stilted if you try to avoid putting the preposition at the end.
```
